Improve Account Switching: Support doc updates (#1482)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/account-invoice-history.md

<div class="section-steps" markdown="1">
##### To view an account's invoice history

> 1. Click the account switcher on the top right of the screen, then choose the account you want to see the invoice history for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the account switcher at the top-right corner of the screen, then choose the account you want to see the invoice history for.
```
